Looobay Public License 1.0 (LPL-1.0)

Copyright (C) [year]-Present [Your name], [The country where you live]

BY USING OR DOWNLOADING THE SOFTWARE AND/OR ASSOCIATED FILES (the "Software"), YOU AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT.

This license (the "License") is an agreement between you (the "Licensee" or "You") and the author(s) of the Software (the "Author").

Both parties undertake to respect the following points:

1. Preamble:
	This license applies to any software, with freely accessible source code, whose Author distributes the License with the Software.

2. You have the non-exclusive, royalties-free, worldwide and non-transferable right:
	2a. to use, reproduce, copy and modify the Software,
	2b. to publish, distribute and sell a modified version of the Software (the "Derived version"), provided that the Derivate version includes this agreement and the copyright remains preserved.

3. Restrictions:
	3a. You cannot sell the orignal Software, without the prior written consent of the Author,
	3b. if you are selling the Software, then, such writtent consent from the Author must be inclued with the Software.

4. Duration:
	4a. The agreement remains in force unless terminated by the Licensee or the Author for non-compliance with the terms.

5. Responsibility:
	5a. The Software is distributed "as is" without warranty of any kind.
	5b. Under no circumstances can the Author be held responsible for any claim, damage or other liability arising from the use of the Software.
	5c. The Licensee is reponsible for the Derivated version and the distribution of the Derivated version.

6. Author name:
	6a. You must credit the Author for use the Software in your Derivated version or for use of code from the Software in your Derivated version.
	6b. You cannot use the Author name without the prior written consent of the Author in your Derivated version.
	6c. The Author name may not be use in advertisement or otherwise to promote the sale, use or dealings in the Derivated version without the prior writen consent of the Author.

7. Contributions:
	7a. All contributions, i.e. all modifications or additions to the Software by the Licensee and authorized by the Author (the "Contribution"), that you submit to the Author become the property of the Author.

8. General provisions:
	8a. Any modification of the contract must be in writing and signed by both parties.
	8b. You may not assign this agreement without the written consent of the Author.
	8c. If one provision of the contract is found to be invalid, the others remain in force.
	8d. Author's local law governs the agreement.

By accepting this license, you agree to comply with these terms and conditions for the use of the Author's Software.